[THE DREAMLINERS'
"BEST THINGS IN LIFE" PLAYING]
[BICYCLE BELL RINGS]
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Let's share your dream ♪
♪ You and me ♪
♪ So young and free ♪
♪ Because these are
The best things in life ♪
♪ Fireplace ♪
♪ A warm embrace ♪
♪ A smiling face ♪
♪ Because these are
The best things in life ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
Oh, no.
Really?
I thought it'd be
just the trim.
Of all the colors,
why would you pick that?
Use adobe red
if you want red.
What do you even call that?
Fire-engine red?
Tomato red.
Their poor neighbors.
Mm.
[THE DREAMLINERS' "BEST THINGS
IN LIFE" CONTINUES PLAYING]
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ So come and fly ♪
♪ Up to the sky ♪
♪ Until you're blithe ♪
[SCOFFS]
What an eyesore.
There's no way
the Homeowners' Association
approved that color.
Barb's gonna have a cow.
Whew!
Maybe I could put a bug
in her ear.
What can Barb do?
That place isn't even
in Mountain View.
It's Enchantment Hills
over there.
Enchantment Hills
starts at Pinon Lane.
Remember when the Westlakes
planted those quaking aspens?
That whole mess?
I thought the Westlakes
proved their lot
was in Enchantment Hills.
They paid
for a land survey.
Really?
Where'd you hear
that?
Robbie Davis, maybe.
I'll double check the map
after I shower.
Want some?
Nah. I'm good.
[THE DREAMLINERS' "BEST THINGS
IN LIFE" CONTINUES PLAYING]
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo ♪
Is that iced tea?
Would you like some?
Love some. Thank you, ma'am.
♪ So come and fly ♪
♪ Up to the sky ♪
♪ Until you're blithe ♪
♪ 'Cause these are
The best things in life ♪
♪ Doo, doo-doo-doo
Doo-doo-doo ♪
♪ Doo-doo-doo-- ♪
[♪♪♪]
[BENNIE GREEN'S "GLIDIN' ALONG"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[CAR ALARM SYSTEM HONKS, CHIRPS]
[GROANS, SIGHS]
How's it going?
Eh.
Status quo.
You know, humming along.
We did land a pretty big client
last week, though.
Insurance outfit in Santa Fe.
They cover most of the high-end
real estate up there.
Great.
But Howard,
I'm not a shareholder.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
I'm just getting warmed up.
Although I still think you would
make one hell of a litigator.
Appreciate that,
but I'll pass.
At home, things
are more or less the same.
It's not any worse.
I guess I should be grateful
for that.
It's like we're...
deadlocked.
Cheryl still won't talk
about anything important.
You tried what we discussed?
Yes.
Yes, I did, but...
I did have a dream.
[♪♪♪]
So I look over
the old man's ticket,
and it's clearly
an international flight,
so we search
for his gate number
but all the signs
are in a language I can't read.
[SIGHS]
[BUTTON BEEPS]
[HONKS, CHIRPS]
[BENNIE GREEN'S
"GLIDIN' ALONG" RESUMES]
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[MUSIC STOPS]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Kim!
Any traffic?
Nope. Straight shot down 25.
This is us.
Thanks for meeting me.
I imagine you're swamped
when you're in town.
Today's not too bad.
In fact, I have a meeting
at your old stomping ground
with Schweikart.
Tell Rich I said hi.
Of course.
How's Jimmy?
He's great. Thanks for asking.
How about Alice?
She's doing well.
She's taken up baking
and no complaints here.
Well, lucky you.
Don't I know it.
I heard this place
makes a killer latte.
Yeah. They give Java Joe's
a run for their money,
if you ask me.
[♪♪♪]
[TIRES SCREECH]
[HONKING]
[COUGHS]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Hey, hey, hey.
Come on.
Had a customer.
Okay, okay,
but it's time to go.
Come on, we gotta get moving.
What are you doing?
No, no, no.
Come on. We gotta move.
We gotta move.
[COIN CLINKS]
Getting a root beer.
No, no. We have a schedule,
remember? We discussed it.
I put two quarters in.
I will buy you an entire case
when we're done.
Here we go. Right in.
Whew!
All the way.
[TIRES SCREECH]
[SIGHS]
[PHONE BEEPS]
[EXHALING DEEPLY]
[CLEARS THROAT SOFTLY]
Everything okay?
Sure.
Do we need
to go over it again?
Nah.
Well, just remember,
keep your feet out of the way.
'Cause I'm gonna have
to leave in a hurry.
What?
I really like your hair.
It's not--
Thank you.
Thanks.
What if there was
a different way?
an independent team of lawyers,
maybe four or five of them,
who were dedicated to taking on
the difficult cases?
I'm not saying a few lawyers
can solve a massive,
systemic problem.
But they could make it better.
And why come to me with this?
Well, if I wanted
to shine you on,
I'd tell you
it's because you're known
for your social conscience.
But the truth is
it's because of your connections
in state government.
You can make things happen.
Fair enough.
Kim, the firm
has a service committee.
I should tell you to go to them
and get in line
with all the other
worthy causes.
But you're putting your money
where your mouth is.
I'm sure you've heard something
about my son's drug problem.
Gregory's struggle
gave me a more,
let's say, personal view
of the legal system.
Kim, I think you've got
something here.
[PHONE BEEPS]
You can't skimp
on the support staff.
They're the heart
of the operation.
I know that's true
in our office--
[TIRES SQUEALING]
No, no! No!
Jesus...
You son of a bitch.
You twisted,
deadbeat piece of shit!
Wasn't that Howard?
WENDY:
Goddamn it! You owe me!
Ma'am, are you okay?
You owe me!
Ma'am.
I mean...
WENDY: Nobody does that to me.
I don't know.
It happened so fast.
WENDY:
Damn it, he owes me.
What a rip-off.
Damn you!
[BENNIE GREEN'S "GLIDIN' ALONG"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
No, no!
They moved the cone?
What kind of asshole
moves a cone?
Oh, crap!
[CAR ALARM SYSTEM HONK, CHIRPS]
[GRUNTING]
[HONKS, CHIRPS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[BENNIE GREEN'S "GLIDIN' ALONG"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey, listen, um...
Be careful, okay?
Okay.
[SIGHS]
KIM: What?
WENDY: Five-O.
That kills business
for the rest of the day.
Always hassling me.
Undercover cops?
Yep.
Well, listen, if you ever have
any legal problems,
give me a call.
Anytime, no charge.
Thanks.
[BLINKER CLICKING]
[♪♪♪]
JIMMY:
So I pulled the Jag
into the loading zone
and I start scrapping
with this hunk of metal.
KIM: Oh, my God.
JIMMY: It was in deep,
like, down-a-well deep.
[KIM LAUGHING]
So I just wrestled it like
a I'm a freaking bear and I...
jammed it in the dirt,
in front of the Jag. Boom.
Barely made it out of there
by the skin of my teeth.
Who moves cones? Who does that?
Narcissists.
Heh.
You're damn right.
So you think
Cliff really bought it, huh?
One hundred percent.
You should've seen his face.
It landed, trust me.
[SIGHS]
God, it was beautiful.
[CHUCKLES]
Oh, and that is not all.
Spill.
So I'm doing the stall,
I'm telling Cliff what I'm doing
and what I wanna be doing.
All I'm thinking about is,
I've gotta stretch it out
until you get there.
But then I don't know,
I kind of got caught up in it.
And then...
Cliff went for it.
I mean, like,
really went for it.
What does that mean?
Like, money?
I don't think he'll write
a check himself.
But he knows people.
And I think he'll deliver.
You're kidding.
[CHUCKLES]
I know!
How great is that?
This is unbelievable.
Are we on a roll
or are we on a roll?
Jeez.
[SIGHS]
You ever feel
like you're being followed?
When I dropped Wendy off
at the motel,
she thought she was being
watched by some undercover cops.
But then, when I drove away,
that same car was behind me.
Right after I spotted them,
they disappeared.
Well, you know what they say:
"The wicked flee
when no man pursueth."
You think we're wicked?
No. What? Ha-ha.
It's just a turn of phrase.
[IN BOSTON ACCENT]
I think you're wicked hot.
[NORMALLY]
All right.
Listen to the voice
of experience, okay?
You know why you're
feeling like this?
Because we got away with it.
It seems too good to be true.
But trust me,
nobody is following you.
No one knows what we're doing
except for us, okay?
Okay.
I get it.
Under the circumstances,
I wouldn't wanna be
anywhere near
a police station
if I were you either.
Phew. Tell you what, um,
the mahogany in my conference
room's getting buffed out,
so I'm using my satellite office
at Juan Tabo and Skyline.
I'm letting a nail salon,
you know, use the lobby,
so my office is in the back.
Meet me there at 3.
Great! Thanks.
How's it hanging, Steve-O?
Shoes. Belt. Jacket.
I'm sorry, what?
Seriously?
Since when?
It's procedure, sir.
"Sir"?
[SCOFFS]
Why did I hit the jackpot?
Never can tell.
Hey, how are you doing
on this beautiful day?
Did you, uh,
catch that cookie bouquet
that I sent
for Carlos' birthday?
'Cause I put a few extra
white chocolate macadamias
in there just for you.
What do you need?
Me? Nothing. Nothing.
But I have a "friend"
who could use
a-a preliminary hearing
rescheduled.
Gonzalez v. New Mexico.
My "friend" is looking
for Friday around 9 a.m.
You know, before the judge's
fourth cup of coffee.
Because caffeine jitters,
they're brutal on the defense,
so...
What friend?
I don't believe
you two have met.
What is this?
A hearing change request form.
Hey, come on. It's me.
Look, Mommy! I just graduated!
I--
I can't use a pen.
I have no opposable thumbs.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Hey! Hannah Banana!
Hey, yourself.
Come on, Bill.
That's no way to treat a lady.
You've got to make love to it,
Bill. Be gentle.
That's the way to do it.
Think Barry White,
think seduction.
Voilà.
What the hell
is going on?
How come everyone's
treating me
like I'm covered
in oozing pus sores?
I liked you better when you were
just a regular bottom feeder.
But this...
"This"?
Wh-what is "this"?
I understand advocating
for your client.
Deep in my heart, I get it.
But you scammed the court,
you scammed the judge.
And for what?
To get a murdering
cartel psychopath
back out on the street?
It's just...
wrong.
That's a lot of big talk, Bill.
Prove it.
Prove it, Bill!
There's proving...
and then there's knowing.
[DOOR SQUEAKS, CLOSES]
Abe...
You don't want to go back
to county, do you?
Nuh-uh.
Okay, so...
The meetings?
I'll go.
Great.
Then I'll see you
Tuesday, 9 a.m. sharp.
You want this?
I do.
Take your time.
WAITER:
All right, I'll be right back.
Enjoy.
Yeah, you can sit anywhere
you want. It's fine.
Abe, would you mind
watching my stuff?
[♪♪♪]
Hey.
Hello.
Nice day.
Are you following me?
I'm sorry?
What are you, APD?
You know what?
I think you're following me,
and if you're not
gonna identify yourselves
then I'm calling in your plates
because I feel threatened.
[STARTS ENGINE]
Sorry if we've disturbed you.
You have a nice day, ma'am.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[PHONE BUZZES, BEEPS]
Saul Goodman,
speedy justice for you.
Uh, no, there is no charge
for the initial consultation.
Today? Yeah, um...
I have an opening around 3:30.
Oh, I'm working out
of my satellite office.
It's at Juan Tabo and Skyline,
I'm letting a nail salon
use the lobby,
so office is in back.
Great. Your name?
Dante.
See you then.
[PHONE BUZZES, BEEPS]
Saul Goodman,
speedy justice for you.
Yeah, I-- Yeah,
I do have an opening today--
Oh, hold on,
I'm getting another call.
Saul Goodman,
speedy justice for you.
Hold, please.
My apologies.
Ahem, I'm having a bit of a rush
here today.
You get these people out.
Right now!
What, these guys?
Are they bothering you?
Not them! Inside!
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
Who's here to see
Saul Goodman?
You're him? You're Saul?
Yeah.
Then you're the guy, right?
What guy's that?
Salamanca's guy.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Yeah.
Yeah, that's me.
Everybody who has
an appointment already--
Uh-- Oh, you know what?
Um...
[CLEARS THROAT]
A Mr. Spooge--
It's just "Spooge."
Just Spooge. Duly noted.
All right.
Um, Gael Morengo.
Okay, uh... Let's see...
Is there a Dante? Mm-hm.
And Rocco Kubler.
Okay. Everybody else, um,
kindly wait outside.
All right?
Unless you desire spa services
while you wait.
Uh, that's a separate charge,
but it's highly recommended.
The best pedicures
in Albuquerque, right here.
Six...
Lucky number seven...
Oh, you're with him?
And eight...
Nice leathers.
Okay, together.
And... nine.
Ahem. Wow, um...
Thank you all
for your patience.
And...
Justice for all!
Cucumber water
for paying customers only!
Oh, believe me,
they're gonna be paying.
Spooge.
Well, Spooge and friend.
Okay.
Good. This way.
Hi, ma'am.
Yeah-- Hang a left
at the washing machine.
There you go.
I'll see you next week,
Rosa.
And it was nice meeting you,
Pilar.
Don't forget to bring as many
family members as you can.
We will. Thank you, Ms. Wexler.
Take care.
SHELBY: All done for today?
Yeah. Here you go.
Just keep it, Shelby.
Thanks, Kim. See you tomorrow?
You bet.
MIKE:
They're gone.
I'm sorry?
The two men
that were following you.
They're gone.
Do I know you?
Would you mind sitting
for a moment?
And I will answer
any questions I can.
I have men watching
you and your husband.
I'm not with the police.
And as far as I know,
they're not investigating
either of you.
I do know that you've been up
to a few things
that you probably
would rather keep private.
I don't care.
That's not what this is about.
I'm trying to solve a problem
of my own.
What problem?
Lalo Salamanca.
Lalo Salamanca is dead.
He...
isn't?
We're watching anyone
he might contact.
That includes
you and your husband.
Most likely,
he'll never reach out,
he's got bigger fish to fry.
But in the thousand-to-one
chance that he does...
And who do you
work for?
I said I would answer
anything I can.
You're the guy from the desert.
The one who was out there
with Jimmy.
Why are you telling me this
and not him?
Because I think
you're made of sterner stuff.
All right.
Here's what's best
for everyone.
If you spot my guys again,
which I'm hoping you won't,
let them go about
their business.
Just pretend they're not there.
And pretty soon they won't be.
You and your husband, just...
go on living your lives.
I do know you.
You worked in the parking booth
at the courthouse.
You're the attendant.
I was.
[SCOFFS]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
REPORTER [ON TV]:
The markets will continue
to be in a state of flux
until the Fed tightens
interest rates.
Some days
we'll feel pretty good
about the rate
of economic recovery.
Other days, not so much.
[REPORTER CONTINUES
INDISTINCTLY]
[SIGHS]
WOMAN:
Wait a minute.
I think I saw that somewhere.
Where?
WOMAN: Here.
MAN:
Nope.
How's your edge coming along?
I'm still missing two.
MAN:
You found all your edge pieces.
WOMAN:
I thought I did.
Maybe we lost a few.
MAN:
These trees are killing me.
They all look exactly the same.
[WOMAN & MAN CONTINUE SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY]
There was a green Ford van.
He was behind me
for almost three blocks.
'98 Econoline.
We ran the plate.
Guy's a freelance plumber.
He's legit.
The man you placed
in my kitchen...
Roy.
You told me he had experience
as a short-order cook.
Two years in McDonald's
in college.
He's not there
just to make french fries,
I need guys in close.
He's not up to Pollo standards.
I'll find a replacement.
We're stretched thin.
I've got guys working
18-hour days all over town.
Two weeks,
we haven't had a tickle.
And...?
All due respect,
the rest of the world
thinks the guy is dead.
Lalo Salamanca is alive.
Then where is he?
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING RAPIDLY]
Hey.
How was your day?
Uh, what are we doing here?
Take a look.
What do you think?
About what?
My new office.
Potentially. Come on.
[ALARM CHIRPS]
[SIGHS]
KIM:
Huh.
Mrs. Nguyen
kicked me to the curb.
What? Why?
That's a long story.
But upshot is
she wants me out of there
with extreme prejudice.
Bad day, huh?
No. It was a great day.
With actual paying clients.
The word is out.
People were throwing
cash retainers at me
just to say Saul Goodman
is their lawyer.
Because of who you represented.
Well, I mean,
that's part of it.
But, um, the bottom line is
I need a new place
to do business, pronto.
Now, this place is a shithole,
but the price is right.
And I think I can talk the
landlord into a month-to-month.
So it's temporary.
You know, until I find
something better.
[SIGHS]
Hey.
What do you think?
It's small.
It's dirty.
And this whole place
smells funny.
But the courthouse
is five blocks away.
You can't get to MDC
without driving past.
Parking is good.
Bail bond row isn't far, and...
Taco Cabeza
is just around the corner.
Might be a diamond
in the rough.
Just promise me...
you won't move the toilet.
[CHUCKLES]
There it is. All right.
Um...
Speaking of Taco Cabeza...
I'm starving. Let's do it.
[♪♪♪]